hello how about youtube friends in this
video we have made a rom that is the
less than 3 is the last of the less
error and good
is smaller because it is very good
it's nothing they want the same thing or anything
that 's like that way over here and well then
they go to the description of the video there
I leave the link where they can
download it increases the gift of your memory
internal or external
and well, do not decompress it
leave as they are I recommend that you do not
leave it inside a folder and once
already having that we are going to enter like
recovery
then we are going to put device and
this power clip with volume up to
Same time
and when they feel that they vibrate, the
wolf is loose and nothing else matter
to wait for them to enter
and there are those who do not have this
lower recovery I leave the link of a
my video where you can install it without
need to be a then we give you
says uip in factor and reset we slide and
will be forming our phone we give
in back catcher we slip mistela
erasing the cache
and now we're going back we're not going to
you will install will apparently
Internal suit us or we change it
external decide and we look for our rice
minor with three of v3 and good then
we slide and will be raising the rice
and it's just a matter of waiting for
finish the process
do not despair calm down
pressure blocking
do not wait
is advancing and that 's it then
we give rebull system slide and great
how to wait for the start
satisfactorily our device
something that we have to tell you that this
route is for any device and
towards 81 90 the n and the l is for
any and good is
we have
little music says what I liked too
of the rom maybe some like it but
What else can we do
in case it stays that way then it would be
install the rom from scratch
so that this can work
well there he is installing the
default applications buttons
they reacted well good notifications
with blue icons
and let's wait
as you can see
to this region
but we sell are and serve us
we have some here put kilos
uninstall
but that we can no longer do not
can install but let's wait
is already the last application is the one that
I like to salt and even our
good pin code that's
independently elkartasun galaxy
when it is put in Spanish in the USA
we have to change the next good
those customizations are already yours
let's add the wifi network
as you see
it's good
save the data connects very fast
I'm connecting
and good studies regardless of
your
and it is already connected we have a following
now the interns
and it is already
phone belonged the fat
if not
like they are going to wait
and finish
and well well all are the ones that
I like them
is located as you see
for notifications
They saw it
I'm good at this
we can organize it
and in many other things
and good with applications
they are the few that the previous ones good
friends this was all
remember to subscribe to this video
share it and comment your doubts
opinions and in case you have
liked until roa I say goodbye
then